Add email templates (#32)
codebar/barcelona: chapter_assets/email-templates/email-templates.md

#Email templates

## New Sponsor Information
Hi XXX,

I'm writing you to give you more detailed information about codebar.io and provide you with details for hosting a workshop.

**About codebar**

> Codebar.io is an organization that started in the UK. The aim is to help women and other underrepresented groups in tech learn to program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Codebar.io is a non-profit initiative that facilitates the growth of a diverse tech community by running regular programming workshops. The organization started in 2016 the UK and has expanded all over the world since. We have chapters from the US to Australia passing by Europe, Ghana and China!
```

> We do this by pairing students with volunteer developers who work at different companies throughout Barcelona. We started a chapter in Barcelona over two years ago, and host workshops every two weeks. https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do this by pairing students with volunteer developers who work at different companies throughout Barcelona. We started a chapter in Barcelona in 2017,  and host workshops every two weeks. https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/
```

> We do this by pairing students with volunteer developers who work at different companies throughout Barcelona. We started a chapter in Barcelona over two years ago, and host workshops every two weeks. https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do this by pairing students with volunteer coaches who work at different companies throughout Barcelona. We started a chapter in Barcelona over two years ago, and host workshops every two weeks. https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/
```

> We do this by pairing students with volunteer developers who work at different companies throughout Barcelona. We started a chapter in Barcelona over two years ago, and host workshops every two weeks. https://www.meetup.com/Codebar-Barcelona/

Reviewer: I am not sure if meetup should be our reference for past workshop. what do you think?

Some of our students want to become full-time developers, and others are interested in learning the basics in a welcoming environment. Our community is expanding and we are looking for more companies to host us.

**How to host a workshop**

> If you are interested in hosting a workshop, this is what we would need. A space that can host a minimum of 35 people. Some tables to work at, an internet connection, power outlets, or extension cables to plug in laptops, and since people are coming to the workshops after work we encourage hosts to provide food and drinks. We ask that vegan options be available as well.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in hosting a workshop, this is what we would need. A space that can host a minimum of 35 people. Some tables to work at, an internet connection, power outlets, or extension cables to plug in laptops, and since people are coming to the workshops after work we encourage hosts to provide food and drinks. We ask that vegetarian and vegan options be available as well.    
```

> If you are interested in hosting a workshop, this is what we would need. A space that can host a minimum of 35 people. Some tables to work at, an internet connection, power outlets, or extension cables to plug in laptops, and since people are coming to the workshops after work we encourage hosts to provide food and drinks. We ask that vegan options be available as well.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in hosting a workshop, this is what we would need. A space that can host a minimum of 35 people. Some tables to work at, WIFI, power outlets, or extension cables to plug in laptops, and since people are coming to the workshops after work we encourage hosts to provide food and drinks. We ask that vegan options be available as well.    
```

- 18:30- 18:45 Participants arrive and network over drinks and food

- 18:45- 19:00 Round of Presentations

- 19:00- 19:10 Pairing of coaches and students

- 19:10- 20:45 Coding  

- 20:45 - 21:00 Wrap up and clean up

**Additional information**

Here is a link to more information about sponsoring. Do let me know if you have any further questions about how the event works.

- http://manual.codebar.io/becoming-a-sponsor.html
- http://manual.codebar.io/host-guide.html

**Available dates**

We are looking for hosts for the following dates:

- YYYY.MONTH.DAY

- YYYY.MONTH.DAY

Let us know if any of these dates work for you. We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best,

XXX

## List of people attending

Hi XXX,

Here is the final list of people who will attend tomorrow's workshop.
(paste link here)

In total **XX people** signed up.

Just a reminder, one of the codebar organizers will arrive at 18:00 to help set up for the event.  

Let me know if you need anything else from us. Looking forward to seeing you and thank you for your support!  

Best,

XXX

## Thank you for hosting codebar  

Dear XXX,

> Thank you very much for hosting us yesterday and for the wonderful food and drinks. We really appreciate your hospitality. Hope you both have a great weekend and we look forward to working with you in the future.

Reviewer: maybe we should have different templates for when the food and drinks were not to the level we expect. ( people should be able to have a dinner with what is provided, even if we don't need to be a dinner for everybody.
